[RUM] Add GRACE documentation to RUM applications (#28147)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/_index.md

Access triggered logs, errors, and performance information when troubleshooting application issues using [Browser Dev Tools][14].

> ## Permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Permissions

{{< callout url="#" btn_hidden="true" header="false">}}
  Granular access control for RUM is in Preview.
{{< /callout >}} 

```

By default, all users can change an application's RUM configuration.

Use granular access controls to limit the [roles][18] that may edit a particular application's RUM configuration:

> 1. While viewing an application's RUM configuration, click on the **Edit application** button at the top of the screen. A dropdown should appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While viewing an application's RUM configuration, click on the **Edit application** button at the top of the screen. A dropdown appears.
```

1. Select **Manage App Permissions**.
1. Click **Restrict Access**.
1. The dialog box updates to show that members of your organization have **Viewer** access by default.
1. Use the dropdown to select one or more roles, teams, or users that may edit the notebook.
1. Click **Add**.
1. The dialog box updates to show that the role you selected has the **Editor** permission.
1. Click **Save**.

**Note:** To maintain your edit access to the application, the system requires you to include at least one role that you are a member of before saving.

You must have edit access to restore general access to a restricted application. Complete the following steps:

> 1. While viewing an application's RUM configuration, click on the **Edit application** button at the top of the screen. A dropdown should appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While viewing an application's RUM configuration, click on the **Edit application** button at the top of the screen. A dropdown appears.
```
